here
boys we go to the air in 321 good
afternoon venezuela good afternoon all
Latin America today we are here not
we have the most refreshing news of
all of venezuela
today we have our star reporter
in the street is my founder is in
the moment of Arturo University
michelena promoting our
first questions to all the audience of
venezuela serbian let's go
with you serious for today
it is not bad
yes good afternoon félix rafael here
we are in the uam to do the interview to
someone very peculiar here the gentleman that
more tastes of paper with lemon
come with us
well, say rafael and felix, we are here
now with a lady who sells papelón
with lemon at Arturo University
michelena what is your name carolina
diaz because you do the same here and
he sells it if he does not come today how many liters
12 liters you think you have lost
of this tradition in venezuela because in
your house uses paper
without ice
why do you think that the
paper with lemon that the lemon is very
hard to find in venezuela
harvest had more makes paper with lemon
from Monday to Friday every day almost
the majority
they will throw cauliflower or cauliflower
that would be just cauliflower cabbage paper
melon as if to bs you would learn to
I'd love to do it and if you do not have
lemon that would make him good would use
any other fruit parchita by
example your mom that paper with lemon
nothing does not do it because you are that
lost this tradition in venezuela by
the lack of customs that the
grandparents taught even in this era and he
he lost everything he would learn he would make paper
colima yes and certainly the lemon that
dairy
tangerine tears and give out
tears not because I do not go to
the tangerine pacha enough paper
or tears are subjects I would be
in tears verga I do not think and if of
Zhang analyst asks for forgiveness with lemon
Tunisia the brown paper hello is the lemon
I give him the sugar for the paper with
lemon they throw a lot of sugar yes then
to chari verga everywhere
papelon with lemon
that paper
I give him the lemon where is the home
in which sites in which site
says it 's the same the paper is the
lemon two
we go there with the students here and
so you see the paper with lemon and
burned colima paper with lemon